you've got mail chain letter jungle mail
we all get them and we all got these
chain letters we usually ignore them
caring attitude I just delete him as
soon as I get him to leave but what
would happen if the next one you
received break the chain lose a life was
deadly there's a person behind this and
I think I know what he's doing
[Music]
there's a virus that I found oh we all
have it he's watching us where is he
he's tracking us online
he knows whether or not we cast it on
the wireless huh yes he's a psychopath
we are live on the scene with a shocking
new development in the teen murder spree
as in link isn't life the truth
[Music]
guy
you're sending out five chain letters
and then five pop up everywhere you got
Jean litter you've got mail has it on